[Music]
so you've been lost in the desert for
days and you know that you desperately
need something to eat that burger joint
over there is just a mirage you drag
yourself to the wheat shade of a
straggling tree
and out from under a rock crawls a
scorpion YUM wait you can't believe
you're considering it but how bad could
it be no time to be a picky eater
scorpions are packed full of protein
just what you need you'd like to avoid
those claws though how hard can they
pinch and that stinger just how venomous
are these things you're looking at a
predatory arachnid here yes arachnid
like a spider so there are eight legs to
deal with the least of your worries are
the clause or pincers scorpions can't
pinch but you should be more worried
about the poisonous stinger a sting is
way more painful and dangerous than a
pinch there are over 1,500 species of
scorpions but you're in the desert so
you're probably dealing with a common
desert scorpion it's a brownish yellow
color and it might have brown hairs on
it the scorpion uses those hairs to pick
up vibrations from the air and ground to
find food it likes to eat other desert
bugs lizards and beetles
you see the bulb shape end of the tail
this is the gland that holds its venom
and the stingers right on top
whew now I think your best bet would be
to cook it but you don't have that
option right now minutes pass and you're
getting more and more hungry how big is
it it looks to be about five and a half
inches long would you even be able to
swallow it
it sounds like a choking hazard but you
need those calories and the protein and
there's an endless supply of scorpions
in the desert but you have to catch one
first during the day you do some
detective work and look for holes in the
sand around the rock to see if scorpions
have burrowed their
yes this means there's a scorpion den
under the rod to catch one though you're
going to have to wait until dark why
well most scorpions glow under a UV
light luckily you have one doesn't
everyone who's stranded in the desert
have a UV light yeah
just bear with me next you need to set a
trap around the perimeter of the rock or
near the holes dig a hole large enough
to set a cup in and pack the sand tight
around the opening eventually during the
night the scorpions will leave their den
and a few of them should fall into the
opening you wait patiently and keep
watch with your UV light ah success now
you'll have to do some food prep you
grab a thin but sturdy stick the hole
the Scorpion down avoid the Stinger at
all costs it's best to remove that
stinger and the venom gland
when should remove it some whitish
liquid might leak out from where the
gland was you raise the wriggling
arachnid to your lips shaking and you
wake up it was only a dream you let out
a breath of relief but what if you
hadn't been dreaming the chances of
being able to swallow the scorpion hole
are pretty slim imagine trying to chew a
live scorpion that's still kicking those
eight legs like in the dream it's best
to remove the stinger and the venom
gland if you don't the Scorpion would
try to sting you all the way down a
scorpion can't live in a watery
environment like your stomach but it can
hold its breath for six days so if you
do swallow it whole it could potentially
float around in your stomach for that
long but probably not your stomach acids
would do some damage to the scorpion but
you could still have a bad allergic
reaction if the common desert scorpion
stings the surface of your skin you'll
develop a rash so imagine what would
happen if you got stung on the inside
scorpion venom is a neurotoxin which
means that your nervous system will quit
working and you'll eventually experience
some kind of paralysis but their venom
isn't all bad scientists have been doing
a lot of research with scorpion venom to
see how it could be used for
but if this really was a survival
situation scorpions are a good option
the legs are surprisingly meaty and like
lobster the best meat is in the tail and
pincers this is how you get all that
protein in calories from scorpions just
chew up the outer shell and swallow your
stomach acids can break down the
scorpion much easier in pieces well
let's go back to that dream for a sec
after you catch your scorpion you're
somehow able to start a fire and decide
to cook it this is much safer the heat
will get rid of any parasites the
scorpion might be carrying and will
basically make that venom gland useless
plus cooking it will make it taste
better and hey the Chinese believe that
eating the scorpion hole with the
stinger will make you strong the idea
here is to skewer the scorpion imagine
roasting a marshmallow turning it on the
stick so that it's evenly cooked except
it's a big bug once the scorpion has an
even brown color it's ready to eat it
should have a nice crunchy texture you
know the hole it tastes like chicken
joke some say that cook scorpion tastes
like crispy chicken skin and everybody's
favorite part Bon Appetit have you ever
tried scorpion cooked or raw if so how
was it tell me about it in the comments
in some countries
scorpion is actually a versatile
delicacy cook scorpions are served as
street food and make a nice soup you can
even buy frozen scorpions in some
countries so that they can be stored and
used later try putting some oil in a hot
pan then stir fry your scorpions for one
minute add some seasonings like garlic
salt and pepper or your favorite spice
mix let them cook for at least 40
minutes you want to make sure all that
bad stuff is cooked out now you have a
nice side dish or snack one another
tasty scorpion recipe
well pan fry them ho-ho remove the
stingers and venom glands pour milk into
a medium-sized bowl and give the
scorpions a nice soak in it ooh a bug
milk bath set the milk bowl aside and
melt butter in a large skillet
now take the scorpions out of the milk
and cover them in cornmeal cook the
dredge scorpions in your skillet for two
minutes on each side let the excess
butter drain off and season them with
lemon and salt even I might try that so
if you do get stung what should you do
scorpions aren't just found in remote
deserts they're common in hot dry places
like Arizona or parts of Australia and
they can wander into your home the sting
of a scorpion feels a lot like a bee or
a wasp sting wasp sting that's hard to
say if you're stung look for symptoms of
an allergic reaction like a rash or
hives you'll probably have some swelling
and itchiness so put some ice on it then
use an antihistamine or hydrocortisone
cream a scorpion sting doesn't usually
cause a lot of problems for most people
unless you have a serious allergy to the
venom but it also depends on what kind
of scorpion you're stung by for example
if you live in the southwest US states
like Arizona Texas and Nevada watch out
for the bark scorpion they're brown with
a darker back and up to three inches
long it's sting can cause more worrisome
symptoms like fast breathing erasing
heart muscle twitches and weakness if
you think you've been stung by a bark
scorpion it's best to just go to the
emergency room take precautions like
wearing shoes outside and wear gloves
while working in the yard also shake out
any clothes or towels that you've left
outside so remember his bark is worse
than his bite but not worse than his
sting hey if you learn something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life